Context
The Zoo Animal Classification Dataset originally consists of 101 animals in a zoo and 16 
variables with several features that describe them (the attributes), besides the class to 
which each animal belongs (the target).

That original dataset is often used in Machine Learning, as it is a complete and yet simple 
example to practice classification problems with multi-label classes. 
However, as it provides only a hundred rows, some ML algorithms might not perform well. 
That is exactly where this extended dataset fits in.

Content
As an addition to the original Zoo Animal Classification Dataset, this given dataset provides:

43 animals from several classes except Mammals and Birds (as these latter classes are very 
frequent in the original dataset);
70 animals from species maintained by São Paulo Zoo, being primarily animals of the Brazilian 
fauna in danger of extinction.

zoo.csv
About Dataset
This dataset consists of 101 animals from a zoo.
There are 16 variables with various traits to describe the animals.
The 7 Class Types are: Mammal, Bird, Reptile, Fish, Amphibian, Bug and Invertebrate

The purpose for this dataset is to be able to predict the classification of the animals, based upon the variables.
It is the perfect dataset for those who are new to learning Machine Learning.

zoo.csv
Attribute Information: (name of attribute and type of value domain)

animal_name: Unique for each instance
hair        Boolean
feathers    Boolean
eggs        Boolean
milk        Boolean
airborne    Boolean
aquatic     Boolean
predator    Boolean
toothed     Boolean
backbone    Boolean
breathes    Boolean
venomous    Boolean
fins        Boolean
legs        Numeric (set of values: {0,2,4,5,6,8})
tail        Boolean
domestic    Boolean
catsize     Boolean
class_type  Numeric (integer values in range [1,7])

class.csv
This csv describes the dataset
Class_Number        Numeric (integer values in range [1,7])
Number_Of_Animal_
Species_In_Class    Numeric
Class_Type          character -- The actual word description of the class
Animal_Names        character -- The list of the animals that fall in the category of the class

zoo2.csv
About this file
Animals from several classes except Mammals and Birds
(as these latter classes are very frequent in the original dataset).

zoo3.csv
About this file
Animals from species maintained by São Paulo Zoo, being primarily animals
of the Brazilian fauna in danger of extinction.
